A Pin on Image slide lets participants tap anywhere on a custom image to mark their answer.
Click New Presentation to start a fresh deck.
Select Pin on Image from the Unscored section of the slide type picker.
Type your spatial question — tell participants exactly what to pin.
Click the image area to open the image library and choose a photo for your slide.
Switch to the Stock Photos tab to search the library.
Type a keyword to find the perfect photo — we're searching for a world map.
Tap any result to select it.
Adjust the crop if you like, then hit Save to add the world map to your slide.
Your image is now saved to the slide.
Click Preview to rehearse before going live.
The participant screen shows your image. Your audience taps it on their phone to drop a pin.
Responses appear on screen as each participant drops their pin.
Pins appear live on the presenter screen as responses come in.
Click the back arrow to return to the editor.
That's all it takes. Hit Present when you're ready to go live.